This is Glory Sendai
What glory Sendai
Glory Sendai
But wine more precious than Handi Sendai
How did you get this vial, poor boy?
Wine Fairy
This is definitely a high-end gift.
What a night wind!
My master didn't want to give me such a big gift
I find it strange
The eldest lady above gave her eyes higher than the tripod
How can the man you bring back be a mediocre person?
Yes, it seems that the night wind is extraordinary
We all underestimated him.
That's not possible.
You are a migrant worker at the bottom
There can never be such a precious thing
Haha, you stole it, right?
Humph
We Shangguan family will never be arrogant traffickers
Grandma Ye Fang
She worked hard for three years
There's no way she could be that kind of person
Linglong
Sin of the Royal Family
Why not?
The heritage of the old Taijun Shangguan family must be
Not much
Just this rosewood
It was made hundreds of years ago in the Ming Dynasty
Just these few fragments
They are today's treasures
This wine is from 1930 in Glory Sendai
A bottle someone took a decade ago is 8.80 million
If you don't accept the Shangguan family, you won't have that life.
Hey, didn't you expect it?
It turned out that the Shangguan family was mistaken
What a big show!
It's a pity that this wine is fake